please review all changes since commit 6c9f79f5b8197355742da31ffce1b05c078e2c10. A lot of changes were made by codex and I'm not happy with them, particularly the UI details. I'm happy with the shell layout changes, but there are some changes to the graph layout with handles, wires, the add and inspector panel, the effect picker modal, and the drag and drop system in the section view page (inc. graph drag and drop too). They all just need some extra polish - they are all very simple, trivial UIs that don't really match the existing design language. The interface needs to be really intuitive, and easy to understand for someone who doesn't know about the project or how to use the app. It's also important that any user can understand where nodes are meant to be wired up. The system is very flexible, which can be good, and mostly any layout will work, but in some instances, you wire something up and expect one thing to happen and it doesnt. Also take a look at /Users/trent/Documents/dev/ledrums/docs/ui-shots-hardening-2026-07-08.md and get a new /twux opus medium agent to implement it. Provide any additional information / thoughts to improve the ui-shot system so it is can support future elements by convention instead of maintenance. Please also take a look at https://github.com/twadams21/LEDrums/issues/79 as it highly relates to all of the things that we need to fix in this project. I like the hoop selector section of the scope inspector pane - that's the kind of interaction that take the cake - super intuitive, visually distinctive. Very nice. The PixLite integration is also failing - it can detect the controller, but is failing when it doesn't receive a response. I'm not sure if the controller is providing a response and the app is dropping it, or the controller is not providing a response, or we've implemented the API incorrectly. The API spec is contained within this repo somewhere. With all of this, come up with a detailed implementation plan of whats wrong and needs to be improved and fixed, what isnt wrong but could be improved, other ui/ux improvements, and potential opportunities to improve the app (speed, dead code, refactors, breaking up god files, all code best practises). Any small fixes or trivial problems can and should be fixed during this session by an opus /twux implementation agent on medium or high (your judgement) and included in your plan/report as already fixed. Anything larger or touching the UI in a meaningful way, I'd like to run my eye over before making the changes as the quantum of changes you are reviewing is significant. Save the file to the repo and symlink it into my vault when done and also create it in my notion under this page https://app.notion.com/p/trentadams/LEDrums-397b3e4fbab1805eacf4f29b22dd0a2b and provide the link to the notion page when youre done
